we're done how you feeling too bad mltr
that's when French we're gonna find out
what happened yell win don't wake is
gonna win i need to get a haircut
definitely my turn today to win there so
problem i have is that enough for me he
wants to get in 40 minutes when once
again his hair done for dinner all right
okay is he okay our expectations of
modest in
look
two
like you said somewhere
you
ok so if Keith getting his rubdown after
the race I think Donna's doing yoga and
as a kid how do you feel off your first
stage Roth really good everything I
expected to be just as fast might really
wet enjoyed it and has the legs good
how's he's like Leon yeah not too wet
excellent stuff whatever to mark you're
not a roast virgin very happy actually
very fast or what expected to be 60
today already over Shea and Robin you're
an old hand out to find it there that
group there in the sprint peace peace
peace peace lost my position at Comerica
Quinn stage now you done I stay over
good stuff huh tough one tomorrow anyway
yeah